README.md, before:

# Configure and Manage Your Environment with Anaconda

The following environment setup instructions have been adapted from [Udacity's self driving car nanodegree environment setup instructions](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit/blob/master/doc/configure_via_anaconda.md).

Per the Anaconda [docs](http://conda.pydata.org/docs):

> Conda is an open source package management system and environment management system 
for installing multiple versions of software packages and their dependencies and 
switching easily between them. It works on Linux, OS X and Windows, and was created 
for Python programs but can package and distribute any software.

## Overview
Using Anaconda consists of the following:

1. Install [`miniconda`](http://conda.pydata.org/miniconda.html) on your computer
2. Create a new `conda` [environment](http://conda.pydata.org/docs/using/envs.html) using this project
3. Each time you wish to work, activate your `conda` environment

---

## Installation

**Download** the latest version of `miniconda` that matches your system.

**NOTE**: There have been reports of issues creating an environment using miniconda `v4.3.13`. If it gives you issues try versions `4.3.11` or `4.2.12` from [here](https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/).

|        | Linux | Mac | Windows | 
|--------|-------|-----|---------|
| 64-bit | [64-bit (bash installer)][lin64] | [64-bit (bash installer)][mac64] | [64-bit (exe installer)][win64]
| 32-bit | [32-bit (bash installer)][lin32] |  | [32-bit (exe installer)][win32]

[win64]: https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Windows-x86_64.exe
[win32]: https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Windows-x86.exe
[mac64]: https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-MacOSX-x86_64.sh
[lin64]: https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
[lin32]: https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86.sh

**Install** [miniconda](http://conda.pydata.org/miniconda.html) on your machine. Detailed instructions:

- **Linux:** http://conda.pydata.org/docs/install/quick.html#linux-miniconda-install
- **Mac:** http://conda.pydata.org/docs/install/quick.html#os-x-miniconda-install
- **Windows:** http://conda.pydata.org/docs/install/quick.html#windows-miniconda-install

**Setup** your the `carnd-term1` environment. 

```sh
git clone https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit.git
cd CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit
```

If you are on Windows, **rename**   
`meta_windows_patch.yml` to   
`meta.yml`

**Create** carnd-term1.  Running this command will create a new `conda` environment that is provisioned with all libraries you need to be successful in this program.
```
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

*Note*: Some Mac users have reported issues installing TensorFlow using this method. The cause is unknown but seems to be related to `pip`. For the time being, we recommend opening environment.yml in a text editor and swapping
```yaml
    - tensorflow==0.12.1
```
with
```yaml
    - https://storage.googleapis.com/tensorflow/mac/cpu/tensorflow-0.12.1-py3-none-any.whl
```

**Verify** that the carnd-term1 environment was created in your environments:

```sh
conda info --envs
```

**Cleanup** downloaded libraries (remove tarballs, zip files, etc):

```sh
conda clean -tp
```

### Uninstalling 

To uninstall the environment:

```sh
conda env remove -n carnd-term1
```

---

## Using Anaconda

Now that you have created an environment, in order to use it, you will need to activate the environment. This must be done **each** time you begin a new working session i.e. open a new terminal window. 

**Activate** the `carnd-term1` environment:

### OS X and Linux
```sh
$ source activate carnd-term1
```
### Windows
Depending on shell either:
```sh
$ source activate carnd-term1
```
or

```sh
$ activate carnd-term1
```

That's it. Now all of the `carnd-term1` libraries are available to you.

To exit the environment when you have completed your work session, simply close the terminal window.

Commit message:

added Cifar10 classifier implemented with Keras

README.md, after:

# Image Classifiers

This is a repository of various image classifiers:

* Cifar10 image classifier - implemented with a modified LeNet

# Configure and Manage Your Environment with Anaconda

The following environment setup instructions have been adapted from [Udacity's self driving car nanodegree environment setup instructions](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit/blob/master/doc/configure_via_anaconda.md).

Per the Anaconda [docs](http://conda.pydata.org/docs):

> Conda is an open source package management system and environment management system 
for installing multiple versions of software packages and their dependencies and 
switching easily between them. It works on Linux, OS X and Windows, and was created 
for Python programs but can package and distribute any software.

## Overview
Using Anaconda consists of the following:

1. Install [`miniconda`](http://conda.pydata.org/miniconda.html) on your computer
2. Create a new `conda` [environment](http://conda.pydata.org/docs/using/envs.html) using this project
3. Each time you wish to work, activate your `conda` environment

---

## Installation

**Download** the latest version of `miniconda` that matches your system.

**NOTE**: There have been reports of issues creating an environment using miniconda `v4.3.13`. If it gives you issues try versions `4.3.11` or `4.2.12` from [here](https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/).

|        | Linux | Mac | Windows | 
|--------|-------|-----|---------|
| 64-bit | [64-bit (bash installer)][lin64] | [64-bit (bash installer)][mac64] | [64-bit (exe installer)][win64]
| 32-bit | [32-bit (bash installer)][lin32] |  | [32-bit (exe installer)][win32]

[win64]: https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Windows-x86_64.exe
[win32]: https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Windows-x86.exe
[mac64]: https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-MacOSX-x86_64.sh
[lin64]: https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
[lin32]: https://repo.continuum.io/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86.sh

**Install** [miniconda](http://conda.pydata.org/miniconda.html) on your machine. Detailed instructions:

- **Linux:** http://conda.pydata.org/docs/install/quick.html#linux-miniconda-install
- **Mac:** http://conda.pydata.org/docs/install/quick.html#os-x-miniconda-install
- **Windows:** http://conda.pydata.org/docs/install/quick.html#windows-miniconda-install

**Setup** your the `carnd-term1` environment. 

```sh
git clone https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit.git
cd CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit
```

If you are on Windows, **rename**   
`meta_windows_patch.yml` to   
`meta.yml`

**Create** carnd-term1.  Running this command will create a new `conda` environment that is provisioned with all libraries you need to be successful in this program.
```
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

*Note*: Some Mac users have reported issues installing TensorFlow using this method. The cause is unknown but seems to be related to `pip`. For the time being, we recommend opening environment.yml in a text editor and swapping
```yaml
    - tensorflow==0.12.1
```
with
```yaml
    - https://storage.googleapis.com/tensorflow/mac/cpu/tensorflow-0.12.1-py3-none-any.whl
```

**Verify** that the carnd-term1 environment was created in your environments:

```sh
conda info --envs
```

**Cleanup** downloaded libraries (remove tarballs, zip files, etc):

```sh
conda clean -tp
```

### Uninstalling 

To uninstall the environment:

```sh
conda env remove -n carnd-term1
```

---

## Using Anaconda

Now that you have created an environment, in order to use it, you will need to activate the environment. This must be done **each** time you begin a new working session i.e. open a new terminal window. 

**Activate** the `carnd-term1` environment:

### OS X and Linux
```sh
$ source activate carnd-term1
```
### Windows
Depending on shell either:
```sh
$ source activate carnd-term1
```
or

```sh
$ activate carnd-term1
```

That's it. Now all of the `carnd-term1` libraries are available to you.

To exit the environment when you have completed your work session, simply close the terminal window.
